¶ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ¶
¶ We'll be there on
the double ¶
¶ Whenever there's a problem ¶
¶ 'Round Adventure Bay ¶
¶ Ryder and his team of pups ¶
¶ Will come and save
the day ¶
¶ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ¶
¶ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ¶
¶ Yeah, they're on
the way ¶
¶ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ¶
¶ Whenever you're
in trouble ¶
¶ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ¶
¶ We'll be there on
the double ¶
¶ No job is too big,
no pup is too small ¶
¶ PAW Patrol,
We're on a roll! ¶
¶ So here we go
PAW Patrol ¶
¶ Whoa-oh-oh ¶
¶ PAW Patrol ¶
¶ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ¶
And that group of stars
is called the Big Dipper.
Yeah, it looks like a scoop that
you dip into a bag of pup food.
(Laughing)
Uh-oh, part of the Dipper's
handle fell off.
Hmm, that doesn't look like
a star to me,
it looks like some kind
of spaceship.
Cool!
It's headed
right for Adventure Bay!
PUPS:
Awesome!
(Mooing)
¶ Well, stomp my foot
and tap my toe ¶
¶ The hoedown's over,
it's time to go ¶
Thanks for bringing your washtub
bass, Mayor Goodway.
Goodnight.
¶ Let's walk on home
it's not too far ¶
¶ We can see by the light
of the twinkling-- ¶
(Mooing)
Cow?!
(Screaming)
Bettina? How did you get up
in that whatever-that-is?
I'd help you down,
but I don't know how, brown cow.
But I know who to call!
Where'd the spaceship go?
It disappeared
near Farmer Yumi's.
(Phone ringing)
Ryder here.
Oh, Ryder, the most bizarre
thing has just happened.
You're not going
to believe this.
Whoa, that's weird,
and kind of cool.
can you help poor Bettina and
find out what's going on here?
We're on it,
Mayor Goodway!
No job is too big,
no pup is too small.
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
ALL:
Ryder needs us!
(Yawning)
Whoa!
Look out!
(Both grunting)
Hey, who
turned off the lights?
And the stars and the moon?
Hurry, Marshall!
Coming!
Hey! Who put
a building right here?
(Yawning)
Made it!
(Laughing)
¶
PAW Patrol, ready for--
(Yawning)
Action, Ryder, Sir.
Sorry to wake you pups.
We were looking at the stars
when something
fell from the sky.
It landed somewhere near
Farmer Yumi's.
What was it?
It looked kind of like
a spaceship.
ALL:
Ooh!
Mayor Goodway showed
us something really weird.
Bettina in midair!
A flying cow?
"Utterly" preposterous.
(All laughing)
What's so funny?
Yep. For this mission,
I'll need...
Chase, we can use
your special spy skills and gear
to help find the pilot
of the spacecraft.
Yes! Super Spy Chase
is on the case!
Excellent!
Next I'll need...
Rocky, you're
my ace fix-it pup.
You can fix whatever it is
that fell from the sky.
Green means glow!
(All laughing)
I still don't get it.
All right.
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
¶
¶ PAW Patrol ¶
(Barking)
¶ Go, go, go, go! ¶
¶
¶ Chase! ¶
Ruff!
¶ Go, go, go, go! ¶
¶ PAW Patrol ¶
(Siren wailing)
¶ Go, go, go, go! ¶
¶ Rocky! ¶
¶ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ¶
(Tires screeching)
(Sirens wailing)
¶
Mayor Goodway,
we're here!
Mayor?
(Mooing)
(All gasping)
Weird. How does
she stay up there?
I don't know,
but I think
this might have
something to do with it.
Chase, use your zip-line suction
cup to get Bettina down.
Will do, Ryder, Sir!
(Barking)
Zip-line.
RYDER:
Perfect.
Now, let's get her
out of that bubble.
Three, two, pull!
Uh-oh!
Run!
Are you okay?
Now I know what
a pancake feels like.
He's okay.
Chase, I need you
to use your spy gear
to find the pilot
of that spaceship.
Yes, Sir, Ryder, Sir.
(Barking)
Night vision goggles.
Let us know
what you find.
(Sniffing)
CHASE:
Strange tracks.
I wonder what kind of
weird creature made those.
Chickaletta!
Here, Chickaletta!
You mustn't
run away from Mommy.
(Chattering)
Oh, that doesn't sound right.
My chicken--
(Imitating chicken)
Not "meep, meep, meeps".
(Clucking)
Oh, there you are.
(Vocalizing)
Oh, dear.
Oh, my!
Oh, I can see my house
from up here.
(Chattering)
The tracks go here
and just stop.
What happened to them?
Chase!
Yoo-hoo, Chase, up here!
Mayor Goodway?
Where are you?
Up here!
(Gasping)
How did you get up there?
A little green space alien
beamed us up.
A real space alien?
I've got to see this.
(Loudly clearing throat)
Still floating in an alien light
bubble up here.
Oops. Sorry, Mayor.
(Barking)
Net!
Ah!
Ready, Mayor?
One, two, three!
(Grunting)
Whoa!
Nice catch, Chase.
Thanks.
Some kind of antenna came off
here, that landing wheel's flat,
and some small wings
came off here.
Do you have enough parts
for all these repairs?
I've got a whole
truck full of stuff.
Don't lose it, re-use it!
All right,
now which way did he go?
He went thataway.
(Barking)
Night vision goggles!
A round, green head!
Oops, it's just a melon.
Melon, melon, melon,
space alien.
Melon.
(Gasping)
Space alien!
(Vocalizing)
Sorry. I don't understand
what you're saying.
Whoa!
Great idea to fix
the landing gear
with that
bicycle wheel, Rocky.
Thanks, Ryder.
This hanger should make
a pretty good antenna.
Looks like
we're done here.
I'll go check on Chase.
(Grunting)
Help, help!
Anybody?
(Sighing)
If I can pull Bettina
and the mayor free,
I can pull myself out too.
(Barking)
Zip-line!
Gotcha!
Yes!
Whoo-hoo!
That's better.
Now, where did
that space alien go?
(Chattering)
Oh!
(Sniffing)
Hey, Chase,
how goes the search?
Great! I found a melon
that was actually an alien,
and then he zapped me
with this cool bubble thing,
and I floated in the air
like "Whoa!"
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where's the alien now?
(Ringing)
Hey, Skye.
What's up?
We've got a visitor
in the Lookout.
And I bet I know who it is.
We're on our way.
(Barking)
(All gasping)
(Vocalizing)
The Lookout looks so much
like a spaceship,
he's trying
to fly it home.
Sorry, buddy,
it just won't work.
(Sighing)
(Chattering sadly)
Something else is bothering
the poor little green guy.
(Vocalizing)
Aww, I think
that's his mom.
And I bet
he's really missing her.
Not for long.
Rocky, how's it going?
Are you close?
I'm close, all right. Look.
(Engines humming)
(Exclaiming)
He fixed it!
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp--
Or "beep, beep, beep"--
For help!
Come on!
(Laughing)
(Vocalizing)
¶
¶ Alien! ¶
Whoa! They're flying
in a spaceship.
How cool is that?
Yeah!
Cool!
(Yelling)
Not as cool as us
flying in the spaceship.
Whoo-hoo!
(All exclaiming)
¶ You're all good pups
and you saved the day ¶
¶ And now it's time
to play around Adventure Bay ¶
¶ P-p-p-Paw Paw
Paw Patrol ¶
Coolest ride ever!
(Howling)
¶ P-p-p-Paw Paw
Paw Patrol ¶
Just like this!
Marshall,
what are you doing?
Training Smiley,
my championship jumping frog.
Well, he will be a champion
after he wins
the Frogapalooza contest today.
The frog who jumps the farthest
is the winner.
I'm training Smiley
to jump like this!
Whoa!
Oof!
Hey, my lunch!
I'm good.
He already seems pretty good
at jumping.
(Gasping)
Uh-oh!
Follow that frog!
(Barking)
Tool Arm away.
Looks secure, Rocky.
Uh-oh!
Uck!
(Laughing)
Marshall, maybe you can
train Smiley somewhere else.
Come on, Smiley.
Let's go.
Hey, he listened.
For once.
He's heading for the elevator.
Smiley, stop!
Whoa!
I'm okay.
(Ribbitting)
Gotcha!
Okay, that was just practice.
Now I've got you!
You're mine now!
You can hop
but you can't hide.
Or maybe you can hide.
Smiley, Smiley!
Now I gotcha!
Whoa!
(Crashing)
Tricked
by my own treats.
No, Smiley,
not down the slide!
(Gasping)
¶ Smiley! ¶
¶ Go, go, go, go ¶
¶ PAW Patrol ¶
Wait!
Whoa!
Look out below!
¶ Marshall! ¶
Oops.
Uh, Ryder?
We've got a problem.
Don't worry, Rubble.
No job is too big,
no pup is too small.
PAW Patrol
to the Lookout.
BOTH:
Ryder needs us.
Thanks for the lift, Rubble.
Any time, Marshall.
(Laughing)
Ready for action, Ryder, Sir.
Pups, we've got
a high-flying problem:
Marshall's frog flew off
in Skye's helicopter.
And I'm sure he doesn't have
his flying license.
And it's almost time for
the frog jumping contest.
(Laughing)
Skye, I need you
to use your wings
to fly up to
your helicopter.
You'll have to get in
and take control.
(Gasping)
Yippee!
This pup's gotta fly!
You'll have to
do it before my--
I mean, Smiley's--
turn to jump.
Chase, I need you
to use your cones
to make a safe route
to the starting line.
Use your megaphone and siren
to keep cars and people
away from the area.
Chase is on the case.
Need anyone else, Ryder?
Like a spotted Dalmatian
with a fire truck?
Hmm. Let me see...
Marshall.
Yes!
(Howling)
I need you to get to
the frog jumping contest.
Hopefully Smiley
will get there in time.
I'm fired up.
All right!
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
¶
¶ PAW Patrol ¶
(Barking)
¶ Go, go, go, go! ¶
Whoo, yeah! Yay!
Whoa!
¶
¶ Chase! ¶
Ruff!
¶ Go, go, go, go! ¶
¶ PAW Patrol ¶
(Siren wailing)
¶ Go, go, go, go! ¶
¶ Marshall! ¶
¶ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ¶
(Tires screeching)
(Sirens wailing)
Copter in sight, Ryder.
Nice work, Skye.
(Ribbitting)
(Quacking)
Watch it, guys!
Huh? Where's my copter?
Spotted Smiley headed toward
the middle of the bridge.
We're on it.
Do you see them, Chase?
Negative.
Behind you!
Whoa!
It's okay, Chase.
I got you.
(Chuckling)
It takes way more than that
to scare me.
I know, Chase.
You can get down now.
Huh?
Oh, right.
Wings.
No, Smiley,
no a loop-de-loop.
Whoa!
Wow, it took me years
to learn how to do that.
Hi, Alex.
Hey, Mr. Porter.
Hi, Marshall.
Check this out!
That's quite a jumper
you've got, Alex.
He might
even come in second.
BOTH:
Ooh!
This is Jumpy Jumper.
He's going to come in first.
Where's your frog?
He's, uh, on the way,
I hope.
Mayor Goodway, Mayor Goodway!
Can you tell me
when Smiley's supposed to jump?
Certainly, Marshall.
Let's see...
Oh, Smiley is the last
jumper in the contest.
Last? Yes!
He can still make it.
Who can
still make it?
My frog. He's flying over here
in a helicopter.
I see.
Wait, what?
Easy, Smiley.
Whoa!
Ryder, I'm in.
RYDER:
That's great, Skye.
And just in time.
(Cawing)
Oh, no, I can't see!
Go higher!
Pull up!
Stay back! Whoa!
Whoo-hoo!
She made it!
(Chuckling)
I knew she would.
(Laughing)
Oh, yeah,
that's the spot.
She cleared the lighthouse!
Yeah, Skye!
(Howling)
Whoa!
Our next contestant
is Alex's frog Jumpy Jumper.
(Cheering)
Go Jumpy Jumper!
Ryder, is Skye going to make it?
Smiley's jumping next!
Hang on, Marshall,
let me check.
Skye, Smiley jumps next.
Roger that. Okay, Smiley,
no more messing around.
Heel.
(Barking)
That's better.
We're heading to the field.
Okay, we'll meet you there.
Chase, let's roll.
(Siren blaring)
Let's go watch Smiley jump!
(Howling)
Easy, Smiley.
We're almost there.
No, I said easy.
Heel. Sit. Stay.
Ryder, he's out
on the wing.
I'm afraid he's
going to jump too soon.
Fly as low
as you can, Skye.
Chase, stay under
the helicopter.
He jumped!
Nice work, Skye.
Chase is on the case.
(Barking)
Megaphone!
Stay clear! Emergency!
Very important frog
coming through!
Smiley!
(Snoring)
I guess flying a helicopter
really tires out a frog.
The next jumper is Marshall's
frog, Smiley.
(Cheering)
Go, Smiley!
(Snoring)
Come on, Smiley,
you've got to jump! Wake up!
It's time!
Chase, megaphone!
(Barking)
Megaphone!
Jump!
Great jump!
(Cheering)
Ooh, that was a good one.
The winner is Smiley!
(Cheering)
Smiley did it!
Thanks, pups.
Thanks, Ryder.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp--
(Ribbitting)
Or ribbit for help!
(Laughing)
Smiley, you won!
You can stop jumping now.
(Engine starting)
(Siren blaring)
Oh, no! Not again!
Follow that frog!
Isn't that cute?
A driving frog.
Wait, what?!
¶